Adding Microsoft SECURITY.MD (#360)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: SECURITY.md

<!-- BEGIN MICROSOFT SECURITY.MD V0.0.8 BLOCK -->

## Security

> Microsoft takes the security of our software products and services seriously, which includes all source code repositories managed through our GitHub organizations, which include [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft), [Azure](https://github.com/Azure), [DotNet](https://github.com/dotnet), [AspNet](https://github.com/aspnet), [Xamarin](https://github.com/xamarin), and [our GitHub organizations](https://opensource.microsoft.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft takes the security of our software products and services seriously, which includes all source code repositories managed through our GitHub organizations, including [Microsoft](https://github.com/microsoft), [Azure](https://github.com/Azure), [DotNet](https://github.com/dotnet), [AspNet](https://github.com/aspnet), [Xamarin](https://github.com/xamarin), and [our GitHub organizations](https://opensource.microsoft.com/).
```

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Microsoft-owned repository that meets [Microsoft's definition of a security vulnerability](https://aka.ms/opensource/security/definition), please report it to us as described below.

> ## Reporting Security Issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reporting security issues
```

> **Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**
```

> Instead, please report them to the Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC) at [https://msrc.microsoft.com/create-report](https://aka.ms/opensource/security/create-report).
> 
> If you prefer to submit without logging in, send email to [secure@microsoft.com](mailto:secure@microsoft.com).  If possible, encrypt your message with our PGP key; please download it from the [Microsoft Security Response Center PGP Key page](https://aka.ms/opensource/security/pgpkey).
> 
> You should receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message. Additional information can be found at [microsoft.com/msrc](https://aka.ms/opensource/security/msrc). 
> 
> Please include the requested information listed below (as much as you can provide) to help us better understand the nature and scope of the possible issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, report them to the Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC) at [https://msrc.microsoft.com/create-report](https://aka.ms/opensource/security/create-report).

If you prefer to submit without logging in, send an email to [secure@microsoft.com](mailto:secure@microsoft.com).  If possible, encrypt your message with our PGP key; download it from the [Microsoft Security Response Center PGP Key page](https://aka.ms/opensource/security/pgpkey).

You should receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, follow up via email to ensure we received your original message. Additional information can be found at [microsoft.com/msrc](https://aka.ms/opensource/security/msrc). 

Include the following requested information (as much as you can provide) to help us better understand the nature and scope of the possible issue:
```

>   * Type of issue (e.g. buffer overflow, SQL injection, cross-site scripting, etc.)
>   * Full paths of source file(s) related to the manifestation of the issue
>   * The location of the affected source code (tag/branch/commit or direct URL)
>   * Any special configuration required to reproduce the issue
>   * Step-by-step instructions to reproduce the issue
>   * Proof-of-concept or exploit code (if possible)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Type of issue (such as buffer overflow, SQL injection, or cross-site scripting).
  * Full paths of source file(s) related to the manifestation of the issue.
  * The location of the affected source code (tag/branch/commit or direct URL).
  * Any special configuration required to reproduce the issue.
  * Step-by-step instructions to reproduce the issue.
  * Proof-of-concept or exploit code (if possible).
```

>   * Impact of the issue, including how an attacker might exploit the issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Impact of the issue, including how an attacker might exploit the issue.
```

This information will help us triage your report more quickly.

> If you are reporting for a bug bounty, more complete reports can contribute to a higher bounty award. Please visit our [Microsoft Bug Bounty Program](https://aka.ms/opensource/security/bounty) page for more details about our active programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are reporting for a bug bounty, more complete reports can contribute to a higher bounty award. Visit our [Microsoft Bug Bounty Program](https://aka.ms/opensource/security/bounty) page for more details about our active programs.
```

> ## Preferred Languages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Preferred language
```
